XXAQ
XXCLASSORDS
XXFV			CREATE ANY INDEX
XXHEPREPORTS
XXOLTPCAMBR
XXOLTPCST
XXOLTPCUS
XXOLTPDRPAY
XXOLTPHEI
XXOLTPLEA
XXOLTPOPT
XXOLTPREP
XXOLTPUALL
XXOP			CREATE ANY INDEX
XXPAY
XXPREPAY		CREATE ANY INDEX
XXREPAY
XXSL




Boatman special ginger mint drink
 
	
Ginger	1 teaspoon(clean and cut)
Mint leaf	½ cup
Lime juice	juice of 2 squeezed limes
Sugar	4 tablespoons
Soda water	2 glass

Clean fresh ginger and add ½ cup mint leaves and crush to make a good paste.
Add lime juice and sugar mix well in the soda water. Your boatman special drink is ready. This is good for stomach and fresh breath.

 
Boatman special potato Layonaise
 
	
Potato	2, sliced thinly
Onion	1 medium sized onion peeled and round sliced
Garlic	½ teaspoon
Pepper corn	5 crushed
Oil	1 teaspoon
Salt	to taste
 
Slice round potatoes, blanch in salt water, then half fry the slices and drain.

Heat oil sauted garlic and onion add salt and crushed pepper and potato tossed well use hot garnished celery or parsely.
 
 
Boatman special grilled ladies finger
 
	
Ladies finger(Okra)	4 medium sized
Shallots	2 tablespoons chopped
Ginger	1 teaspoon chopped
Lime juice	1 teaspoon
Salt	to taste
 
Take young greenly ladies finger, center lined and filled with shallots-ginger-lime-juice-salt mixture.
Heat a pan and grill ladies finger both side and serve.

 
Boatman special long beans mezhukku
 
	
Long beans	2 cups chopped into ½ inch length
Cocunut	1 teaspoon slices
Fresh pepper	1 teaspoon crushed
Salt	to taste
Oil	1 table spoon.
 
Take long beans cut into half inch lengths, boiled with salt and drain.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil sauted long beans very well and add crushed fresh pepper and check salt.





Boatman special pavakka kondattom
 
	
Bitter gourd	1
Yogurt	2 cups
Chilli powder	½ teaspoon
Oil	for frying bitter gourd
Salt	to taste
 
Cut bitter gourd into thin slices, and ater squeezing, deep fry until golden color. 

Beat the yogurt adding salt and chilli powder. Finally stir in bitter gourd and the Pavakka Kondattam is ready.

 
Boatman special beetroot pachady
 
	
Beetroot	1 cup finely chopped
Onion	½ chopped
Green chilly	½ chopped
Curry leaves	a few
Mustard	1 teaspoon
Coconut oil	2 teaspoons
Coconut	1 cup
Yogurt	1 cup
Salt	to taste
 
Heat a pan adding the cocunut oil, tampered ½ teaspoon mustard and curry leaves. Add the chopped beetroot, onion and green chilli, and saute very well. 

Then cover and cook for 5 minutes. Add cocunut, ½ teaspoon mustard paste and salt, and saute for one minute.
Allow to cool. 
Add yogurt and salt to taste. Mix well.

 
Boatman special chilly chicken
 
	
Chicken boneless	500 gms
Chilli Powder	1 tablespoon
Lime juice	1 teaspoon
Salt	½ teaspoon
Egg	1 - beaten
Flour	1 cup
Green chilli	5
Curry leaves	1 pinch
Ginger	1 teaspoon
Tomato sauce	1 teaspoon
Oil	for frying
 
Finger size cut chicken marinated with lemon juice salt and chilly powder keep fifteen minutes. egg and maida batter over the chicken mix well and deep fried .
Heat a pan in 2 TSP oil add green chilly, ginger, curry leaf, tomato ketchup and fried chicken also sauted well and not very well.

 
 
Boatman special fish curry
 
	
Fish

300 gms
Coconut	2 cup grated
Chilly Powder	1 DSP
Turmeric Powder	half DSP
Coriander Powder	1 TSP
Garlic	5 cloves
Shallots	5 nos
Green Chilly	1 nos
Ginger	half TSP chopped
Curry leaf	a pinch
Cucum	3 piece
Mustard	half TSP
Fenugreek	half TSP
Shallots	1 no sliced
Red Chilly	1 nos
Curry leaf	5 leaves
Water	4 cup
Coconut Oil	2 DSP
 	 
Coconut and chilly powder, turmeric powder, coriander powder, 1 cup water, make a good paste. Add 3 cup water, crushed garlic, chopped ginger, sliced green chilly and shallots.

Add washed and soaked cucum and salt to taste. Take a curry pan, pour 1 DSP coconut oil and spread some curry leafs.

Add fish pieces and coconut paste mixture, allow to boil 10 minutes. Slow flame for 5 minutes.

Heat a pan, pour 1 DSP oil, tempered mustard, golden browned shallots and curry leaves. Add this tempering, and cover 5 minutes. Boatman fish curry is ready.


Boatman special grilled prawns
 
	
Jumbo prawn	250 gms
Chilly powder	1 TSP
Turmeric powder	half TSP
Fresh pepper crushed	1 TSP
Ginger, garlic paste	1 TSP
Lemon juice	2 TSP
Salt	to taste
Oil	2 TSP
 
Cut and clean the prawns devein and wash marinate in lime juice ginger garlic paste and salt

In a bowl, mix chilly, pepper, turmeric powder, salt and 2 TSP lemon juice and 2 TSP oil also. Coat the prawns well with this mixture and leave aside for 20 minutes. grill them on a hot pan both side till done. 

 
 
Boatman special fish moilee
 
	
Fish	500 gms
Fenugreek	1 TSP
Garlic	a few flakes
Onion	2 rounded slices
Ginger	10 gms
Green chilly	1 nos
Turmeric powder	1 TSP
Chilly powder	half TSP
Tomato	4 rounds slices
Water	1 cup
Coconut milk	2 cup
Lemon juice	1 TSP
Salt	to taste
 
Heat oil tempered fenugreek and garlic browned, add onion rings, ginger, green chilly, curry leaves and one cup milk and one cup water - allow to boil. Add lemon juice and salt with fish also allow to boil fish.
Add balance one cup coconut milk and tomato rings bring to boil point then remove fire and hot serve.

 
 
Boatman special soup
 
	
Drumstick	2 nos
Yellow lentil	1 cup
Prawn meat	4 bigno
Shallot	3 nos
Ginger	half TSP
Curry leaf	some
Salt	to taste
Lemon juice	1 TSP
Turmeric powder	half TSP
Water	4 cup
 
All ingredients put in a pressure cooker make one whistle and remove drumstick split and take pulp only. Check salt and serve hot .


 
Boatman Special chutney sandwich
 
 
	
Onion	2 cup, cubes
Tomato	2 cups cubes, pulpless.
Green Chilly	1 nos
Curry leaf	a few
Chilly Powder	1 TSP
Lemon Juice	1 TSP
Salt	to taste
Oil	1 DSP
 
Heat oil sauted all ingredients together without lemon juice for 3 minutes. And make paste of it (not fine). Add lemon juice and salt. You can use this with rice and any bread items. With this chutney you can make boatman’s special sandwich.


Boatman special salad
 
	
Green pappaya	1 cup julian
Onion	1 no julian
Ginger	1 TSP julian
Yellow pumkin	1 cup julian
Tomato	1 cup skin only
White pumkin	1 cup julian
Fresh pepper corn	1 TSP crushed
Mint leave	1 TSP chopped
Lemon juice	1 TSP
Salt	to taste
 
Mix all ingredients keep two minutes allow to cool. After add as you like olive oil or coconut oil serve cold
 
 
Boatman special banana fritters
 
	
Banana	2 nos
Refined flour	1 cup
Water	half cup
Turmericpowder	1 TSP
Sugar	1 TSP
Oil	for frying
 
Peel bananas cut into long peaces, prepare batter with flour, turmeric, suger and water. Dip slices of bananas in batter. Deep fry. 

 
Boatman special ada
 
	
Wheat flour	1 cup
Water	1 cup
Salt	to taste
Coconut	2 cup grated
Molasses	half cup
Raisin	half cup
Cashewnut	half cup
Cardamom	2 nos powder
 
Boil the water, lower the flame and add flour and salt, and knead them to a fine paste with out forming lumps. Divide it into 5 or 6 balls and keep it aside.
Mix the molasses with the grated coconut raisins cashew nuts and cardamom powder also and divide it into 5 or 6 portions as the number of went dough balls keep 5 or 6 pieces of plantain leaf cleaned and wiped spread one ball of the dough on a piece of leaf. thin and even with fingers spread one part of the coconut mixer on one half of the evenly spread dough. Fold the other half over this and press the sides. Repeat this with the other dough balls and coconut mixture cook them in a steam cooker. It can be roasted in a hot skillet one by one. Sprinkle a little water over the ada as you roast to prevent the leaf from burning.

